TODO.md, before:

# TODO

- [x] Add base configs for kitty, zsh, nvim, tmux.
- [x] Configure i3 keybindings as per vim motions.
- [x] Configure i3 styles.
- [x] Install and configure picom for i3.

## NVIM

- [x] Add surround plugin for neovim.
- [x] Add auto pairs plugin for neovim.
- [x] Add nerd tree to neovim
- [x] Get rid of harpoon and replace it with inbuilt tabs and add keybindings to them.
- [ ] Figure out go to defiinition in lsp.
- [ ] Figure out auto imports.
- [ ] Add indent line indicators for html and jsx tags.
- [ ] Allow hidden files in telescope and remove files like node_modules from it's search pool.
- [x] Fix the keymap issue for leap.nvim.
- [x] Change code completion keybindings in neovim.

- [ ] Decide on an app launcher and configure it (probably rofi).
- [ ] Install and configure eww bar.
- [ ] Style firefox.
- [ ] Automate symlinks with stow and create a single README at root level.
- [ ] Figure out dynamic workspace numbering for i3.
- [ ] Figure out toggle float for all windows.
- [ ] Figure out how scratchpad works and implement minimization.
- [ ] Add default theme configuration for gtk applications.
- [ ] Apply SF font system wide.
- [ ] Style p10k (get rid of the cyan and implement ayu dark color scheme).
- [ ] Style tmux (get rid of the cyan and implement ayu dark color scheme).

Commit message:

Added lazygit configs and neovim gitsigns

TODO.md, after:

# TODO

- [x] Add base configs for kitty, zsh, nvim, tmux.
- [x] Configure i3 keybindings as per vim motions.
- [x] Configure i3 styles.
- [x] Install and configure picom for i3.

## NVIM

- [x] Add surround plugin for neovim.
- [x] Add auto pairs plugin for neovim.
- [x] Add nerd tree to neovim
- [x] Get rid of harpoon and replace it with inbuilt tabs and add keybindings to them.
- [x] Figure out go to definition in lsp.
- [x] Figure out auto imports.
- [x] Add indent line indicators for html and jsx tags.
- [x] Figure out telescope to ignore gitignore files.
- [x] Figure out git with neovim.
- [ ] Figure out indent guide to be activated only when cursor is within scope. Check lazy git's configuration.
- [ ] Figure out nvim sessions.
- [ ] Add a jsconfig file for easy imports in react projects.
- [x] Allow hidden files in telescope and remove files like node_modules from it's search pool.
- [x] Fix the keymap issue for leap.nvim.
- [x] Change code completion keybindings in neovim.

- [ ] Decide on an app launcher and configure it (probably rofi).
- [ ] Install and configure eww bar.
- [ ] Style firefox.
- [ ] Automate symlinks with stow and create a single README at root level.
- [ ] Figure out dynamic workspace numbering for i3.
- [ ] Figure out toggle float for all windows.
- [ ] Figure out how scratchpad works and implement minimization.
- [ ] Add default theme configuration for gtk applications.
- [ ] Apply SF font system wide.
- [ ] Style p10k (get rid of the cyan and implement ayu dark color scheme).
- [ ] Style tmux (get rid of the cyan and implement ayu dark color scheme).
